Now that we have created our exploration and complete event, we can create a publisher to publish this
event inside of our exploration service.
It has been just a little bit since we have created a publisher, so let's just get a quick reminder
on how we do it.
By taking a look back at our order service.
Back inside the order service we can find our SC Events Publishers Directory and then inside there,
maybe just look at our order created publisher.
So this is how we create a publisher.
We just make a new class, we extend our publisher base class, and we put in the type of event that
we want to publish.
And then for the subject, we just define that using these subjects, and that's it.
Nothing else, very special about it.
So let's create one of these for our exploration complete event back inside of the exploration service.
Inside of exploration.
I'll find the events directory and inside there I'll make a new folder called Publishers.
And in there, we'll create a new file of.
Expiration.
Complete publisher?
Yes.
Then up at the very top, we'll import subjects.
Publisher and the expiration.
Complete event from our common module.
Well, then export a new class.
Of expiration.
Complete publisher.
Come on.
There we go.
That's going to be extending publisher and as the generic type, we will stick in the expiration complete
event.
These are some really long variable names.
That's why I'm pausing every single time because I want to make sure that I get the name exactly correct.
All right.
As usual, TypeScript says, well, if you want to extend this, you've got to define subject.
So we'll set up the subject property.
It will be of type subjects, dot expiration complete, and we will assign that a value of subjects
expiration complete.
Now it looks like TypeScript is still unhappy here.
Oh, I put in subjects.
Should be just subject singular.
There we go.
Now it's happy.
All right.
Publisher created.
So now we can go back over to our cues expiration cue and we'll find our process statement inside there.
So remember, we go back and reference this diagram whenever we process this job, whenever we receive
it back from Redis, that is when we are going to want to emit that new event or publish an event of
expiration complete.
And we just need to make sure that we take the order ID out of the job itself.
So the code for this should be pretty easy and straightforward.
At the very top of our exploration queue file.
We are going to import.
Our publisher.
From.
Up one directory events publishers.
Exploration complete publisher.
And then remember, any time that we try to publish an event, we also have to provide the net's client
as well.
So we're going to also import our net's wrapper.
From up to directories or simply just one directory in this case and that's wrapper.
So now down inside of our process statement, we can remove that console log.
And replace it with.
Publisher is, or actually we don't even really need to assign this to a variable.
We can write it all out inside just one statement.
So we'll just do that.
We'll say new.
Exploration complete publisher will pass in our nets client and we will publish.
And as usual, if we forget what we have to provide for publish, we can just mouse over and TypeScript
will tell us.
We have to give an order ID so we'll put in an order ID and that order ID is going to come out of our
job.
Remember, our job has a data property.
The data property is going to contain all the information we are storing inside the job, which in this
case is this payload interface or it is a object matching the payload interface just to be really correct
here.
So for order ID, we'll put in job data.
Order ID.
And that is pretty much it.
So now naturally we should try to test this out so we can once again use Postman to manually create
a ticket, manually create an order, and then we could wait for that full one minute to eventually
see a expiration complete event get published, but instead just to make everything go really quickly,
let's go back over to our order created listener.
So inside of our listeners directory and we're going to do a test of all this stuff, but I'm going
to comment out the delay right here that's going to cause the job to be processed instantly.
And so we should see the event of expiration complete processed instantly as well.
Yeah.
I'm going to save this and we'll go over to post man and test this all out.
So inside a post, man, I'm going to once again create a new ticket.
There's my ticket ID.
I'll then use that to create a new order.
They'll put in the ticket ID right there, send it off and I'll go back over to my terminal and take
a look at the different events that have been published.
Okay.
So let's kick off at order created right here from the expiration service.
We then get the console log that we're going to wait some number of milliseconds to process the job.
But of course, we just commented out that delay.
So it's going to be kind of processed immediately.
So then see some other stuff about a ticket being updated.
Another ticket updated during ceived.
And then that's what we're looking for right there.
Event published to expiration complete from the expiration service.
Awesome.
That means that it's all working as expected.
This looks pretty good and that is pretty much it for our exploration service.
Pretty simple.
Straightforward.
All it really did was take in an event, wait some time, and then publish another one in the future.
So last thing I'm going to do for the listener.
I'm going to uncomment that delay and make sure I get a comma right above.
Well.
Yeah.
And it closed all this stuff out.
We'll take a pause right here.
And when we come back in the next video, we're going to move back over to our order service and make
sure that we receive that new ticket or expiration complete event.
As soon as we get that event, we'll make sure that we mark the accompanying order as expired.
Cool.
So a quick pause right here and we'll go back over to the order service in just a moment.